Add cloudant database resource and data source (#6)
cloudant/terraform-provider-ibm: examples/ibm-cloudant-database/modules/instance/README.md

# IBM Cloud Cloudant - Terraform Module

This is a collection of modules that make it easier to provision cloudant instance and assign service prolicy, create a database:
* [instance](modules/instance)
* [service-policy](modules/service-policy)
* [database](modules/database)

## Compatibility

This module is meant for use with Terraform 0.13 (and higher).

## Usage

> Full examples are in the [examples](./examples/) folder, but basic usage is as follows for creation of logdna instance & key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full examples are in the [examples](./examples/) folder, but basic usage is as follows for creation of a Cloudant instance & key:
```

Author: Good catch! Now we know where this (rather none standard) README was copied from 😄
